what's up you guys and welcome to a new
series I am calling small girl small
kitchen because I am small and this is
literally my kitchen I live in a 400
square foot studio apartment in Brooklyn
New York my six foot four boyfriend and
this is where we cook everything I
thought today I would start the series
off by making it this matcha latte which
is my favorite thing ever if you guys
follow me on Instagram you know that I'm
absolutely obsessed with matcha I
switched from coffee to matcha about two
years ago and have not had coffee since
and it's changed my life
so I'm gonna show you guys how I make an
iced matcha latte small etics way so you
guys can do it too so I guess I'll start
by saying that I switch to matcha
because when I was drinking coffee I was
having stomach issues and anxiety and I
didn't really know what was causing it I
would have coffee like two cups a day
sometimes just one and I would have
stomachaches later in the afternoon so
one day I was just like I'm just gonna
switch to a tee and I discovered matcha
and I loved the way it tasted yes it was
an adjustment because let me tell you I
was obsessed with coffee before like
coffee was my favorite ritual I love the
taste
I loved the smell of it it was very hard
for me to give up but once I switched to
matcha I felt immediately better and I
would never go back having had such a
positive experience that I have been
matcha so for those of you who don't
know what matcha is it is a Japanese tea
it was traditionally brewed by Japanese
samurai who would drink it before a
battle because it would allow them to
get this sort of Zen calmness that
caffeine from coffee doesn't really give
you and that's because of a chemical
that's in matcha that kind of drip feeds
the caffeine to you instead of coffee
which gives you like a full blast
jittery hit the minute you drink it and
not something I just liked this
and I also am a former professional
fencer or amateur fencer whichever you
want to say in America we don't really
have professional fencing but I just
felt like it kind of fit my whole I just
liked the sound of it I thought it was
cool so I decided to give it a try so
since then I've been doing it for two
years I've tried tons of different
brands I have not traveled to Japan so I
can't speak to what a authentic Japanese
macho it tastes like from there but I
have tried many Japanese matches that
are imported and I'm gonna talk about
some of my favorite brands and where you
can start and kind of like what to look
for in a macho when you're first
shopping for one
so because macho has recently just
become so popular like literally
everyone in their mom's drinking matcha
it's kind of hard to tell what makes a
good macho like which brand is real
which one is kind of garbage so here are
my best tips for that so first of all
the location is probably the top thing
you want to look for a macho from China
is not going to be the real deal you
want to look for a macho that's from
Japan and it will say where it's from on
the packaging or in the details and this
is be as much as not originally from
China or any other country it's from
Japan it will be most likely much better
quality that's from Japan that being
said the higher quality matcha that you
get the more expensive and the lower
quality the less expensive so it's also
kind of what you'll be using it for if
you're using it for a a cooking recipe
you might be able to get away with like
sort of a culinary grade if you're
drinking it and you want to have a
really special moment with your tea I
would get the ceremonial grade and make
sure it's from Japan so in terms of
color you want the macho to be a deep
green like a deep solid green if it has
some brown in it like the one I'm gonna
show you today is not the highest
quality but if it has brown in it that
means it's been a little bit oxidized
and it's not as fresh in terms of
packaging you'll often see macho's
packaged in a tin this is ideal because
matcha should be stored in a cool and
airtight place and a 10
is pretty good for that however you will
see more packages like so that are just
plastic bags it is usually a sign of not
as high quality in a matcha however its
it can it can be shortened either but if
you're looking for a really high quality
matcha it's most likely gonna come in at
ten
the other thing is if you see a Jas on
the packaging that's Japan's
agricultural sign just kind of like the
USDA has one so that's another good
thing to look for in case you're you
know trying to find the most high
quality matcha I you can so that's just
you started on what some good things to
look out for today I'm going to be
making an ice much a latte with this
brand called Sun food this is more of an
everyday I mean I drink mantra usually
once or twice a day I'm not always
trying to buy the most expensive kind
this is a little bit more of a bitter
earthy taste whereas the matcha that it
comes from a higher quality source is a
little bit more savory and sweet
although there's always so like a touch
of bitterness it's so that's kind of the
main difference but I don't mind it I
love much so much sometimes I just get
the cheaper version if I know I'm gonna
be well I am gonna be drinking a lot of
it so I'm making it today with sun food
so if you're more economical you could
try this if you want to go have
something a little bit more elevated
I've linked all the brands that I
recommend less expensive more economical
but still good quality out of the lower
price options in my Amazon store that's
my like Amazon store below so just check
out the link in the description and
you'll be able to go check out the brand
there okay so all you started is a cut
off heat some water up to the matcha you
need some almond milk or help up their
twigs I have an unsweetened vanilla here
your macho you need a jar for the macho
I have
sustainable straw that I'm going to be
using a whisk or this is an electronic
whisk which ever works and a tea spoon
measuring tea spoon okay so I already
heated up some water so I'm just gonna
go ahead and get this get the team
measure it out so I'm just taking one
little teaspoon of matcha that's usually
what I use of course you can do more or
less depending on how caffeinated you
want it to be and I believe matcha is
about the same caffeine as coffee which
is another reason why I like it it's
just a good swap out
I'm gonna take my kettle I love this
kettle by the way you can also check it
on my Amazon store so you just pour in
enough to basically get the matcha
dissolved you don't want the whole thing
to be like filled up with hot water
because then you won't be able to cool
it down and I should also note that this
is not the way that traditional matcha
is brewed traditional matcha is brewed
very very very specifically it has to be
I believe 80 degrees exactly not boiling
water so this water would be a little
too hot I would actually want to cool it
if I were to do this like a really
traditional way but I'm doing that today
just doing the way I do it every day it
still tastes green and I would also use
a very special Bowl and a bamboo whisk
to whisk it instead of this electronic
stirrer and this blast jar but we're
doing at the Brooklyn way it today so
that's what we got so I'm gonna go ahead
and turn on my electric stirrer and you
can just see in the close-up that it's
just mixing the matcha and I like to
make sure I just rotate the jar to make
sure that there is no matcha clinging to
the sides and ideally that go really
good matcha is you could whisk it for
about a minute and you get a nice frothy
top like an iced latte esque
thing you can already see the bubbles
are starting up that's also another good
sign
good cup of echoed cup of matcha is just
that is frost you can just use a whisk
around just a regular whisk a metal
whisk if you don't have an electric one
or sometimes if I'm traveling I really
don't have anything
choose a fork and I go back and forth
and I just really really whisk it and I
travel with matcha so that I don't have
to rely I'm trying to find it because
it's really readily available in places
like LA and New York and Japan but not
so much in other places so you know you
do what you have to do alright so now we
have the matcha it is in its ready to go
I'm gonna fill this glass with ice I'll
be back okay so my matcha is now filled
to the you know rim with some ice I'm
gonna shake up my unsweetened vanilla
almond milk and I'm going to add the
almond oil
alright I love this part because it just
looks so pretty
so you can see it's a really nice green
color and actually it's not quite the
right color for macho like I was saying
before it's actually a little bit it has
some some shades of brown in it which
means it's just been a little oxidize
but I put my straw in I mix it up and
then you give it a try so good literally
delicious here are some other things
also you can do if you want to make your
match a little bit sweeter or a little
bit fatty or you can add some MCT oil
that's going to give it like a nice
creamy texture I love doing that
especially if I'm tracking macros and
I'm low on fats for the day I will add
in a little bit of MCT oil and just make
it really creamy and delicious and if I
want it to be sweeter instead of using
unsweetened vanilla I'll just use a
sweetened vanilla almond milk and
there's it depends on the brand you use
but there's you can get some that aren't
heavily sweet in so that you're not
getting too much of a sugar hit but it's
just the right amount
but I find that the unsweetened is good
I've gotten used to it over the years
and I don't really crave sugar and my
tea anymore that's it you guys
Cheers I hope you enjoyed this video and
I hope that you enjoy trying matcha if
you do give it a try let me know in the
comments what you think about it and
like I said i linked everything in my
amazon store below so if you want to
know any other brands for anything i
used today or like this marble plate
that i have like just check it out below
and other than that i hope you guys have
a great day and i'll talk to you soon
[Music]